# Dapr 1.11.5

This patch release includes a fix in gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation when the `ServiceInvocationStreaming` feature is enabled. Users who rely on gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation (legacy, non proxy-based) are encouraged to upgrade to Dapr 1.11.5 before upgrading existing deployments to 1.12.x, to prevent temporary issues during a rollout of Dapr 1.12.x.

This patch also includes an update to the Helm chart to allow downgrades from 1.12 to 1.11.5.

## ServiceInvocationStreaming

### Problem

When the `ServiceInvocationStreaming` preview flag is enabled, the `type_url` property is removed when performing service invocation. This can cause failures when performing the  gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation (legacy, non proxy-based).

### Impact

Aside from the immediate impact on users who have the `ServiceInvocationStreaming` feature flag enabled, this issue can also impact users who rely on the (legacy, non proxy-based) gRPC-to-gRPC service invocation capabilities of Dapr, and who are in the process of upgrading to Dapr 1.12.x.

In fact, a Dapr 1.12.x sidecar would always attempt to communicate with Dapr 1.11.x using the streaming APIs, so using Dapr 1.12.x to invoke Dapr 1.11.x would cause the issue to appear even if `ServiceInvocationStreaming` is not enabled in Dapr 1.11.x

### Root cause

An issue was detected in the internal implementation of service invocation when streaming was enabled.

### Solution

We fixed the issue in Dapr 1.12.0 and 1.11.5.

## Helm chart downgrade

### Problem

Downgrading from 1.12 to 1.11 would cause the injector to no longer inject the Dapr sidecar into pods.

### Root cause

The 1.11 injector MutatingWebhookConfiguration Helm chart template uses the previous installations `caBundle`, if it existed, as the new installations `caBundle`.
In 1.12, the root CA of the injector's serving certificate now uses the same as that of the rest of the Dapr installation, meaning downgrading from 1.12 to 1.11 would result in the wrong CA trust bundle being present in the `caBundle` field.
This would cause a CA certificate TLS mismatch error from the API sever to the injector during Pod mutations.

### Solution

The MutatingWebhookConfiguration will use the `tls.crt` certificate in the `dapr-sidecar-injector-cert` Secret as the `caBundle` if it exists.
